log.md, before:

# 100 Days Of Code - Log

### Day 1: Monday 25th April 2022

First day of the 100daysofcode and the schoolofcode bootcamp 12. Very excited for the bootcamp!

Number 1 realisation was that there is much more to a software developer, full-stack developer, software engineer than coding. 

Technical knowledge: CSS selectors and CSS Flex box.

Tweet: https://twitter.com/khullymall/status/1518625512066846720

### Day 2: Tuesday 26th April 2022

Break down the problem! Most of software devlopment isnt about the code, its about understanding the problem.

Used HTML and CSS to create a Koala bear. Bonus task: added CSS animation. Realised too late that the postioning of the elements was dependent on our screen size. Improvements for the future to make it adjustable to all screen sizes and look the same on all devices.

Much better understanding of Git and Github. The basics of the Git prcoedure: add, commit, push, pull is well understood. Bonus task of creating a branch, adding a commit to the branch and merging was successfully completed.

Happy with progress.

Tweet: https://twitter.com/khullymall/status/1518989086329122823

Technical knowledge: HTML, CSS, Git/Github

### Day 3: Wednesday 27th April 2022

Introduction to the basics of Javascript including functions. Created a password validation script. Adapted the original task so it can take an input from a HTML page then pass through the Javascript code to check whether password is correct. 

It will also only accept 3 attempts at the password.

Tweet: https://twitter.com/khullymall/status/1519351311506022401

Technical Knowledge: HTML and Javascript

### Day 4: Thursday 28th April 2022

Further improved Javascript knowledge with Arrays and Objects. 

Tweet: https://twitter.com/khullymall/status/1519750006848303107

### Day 5: Friday 29th April 2022

Created a rock paper scissors game using Javascript. It will take in a username which is character, special character and length checked to esnure it is only letters and is not empty. The game will track games played, player wins, computer wins and player draws.

Tweet: https://twitter.com/khullymall

### Day 6: Saturday 30th April 2022

Commit message:

Update of school of code
and 100 days of code.

log.md, after:

# 100 Days Of Code - Log

### Day 1: Monday 25th April 2022

First day of the 100daysofcode and the schoolofcode bootcamp 12. Very excited for the bootcamp!

Number 1 realisation was that there is much more to a software developer, full-stack developer, software engineer than coding. 

Technical knowledge: CSS selectors and CSS Flex box.

Tweet: https://twitter.com/khullymall/status/1518625512066846720

### Day 2: Tuesday 26th April 2022

Break down the problem! Most of software devlopment isnt about the code, its about understanding the problem.

Used HTML and CSS to create a Koala bear. Bonus task: added CSS animation. Realised too late that the postioning of the elements was dependent on our screen size. Improvements for the future to make it adjustable to all screen sizes and look the same on all devices.

Much better understanding of Git and Github. The basics of the Git prcoedure: add, commit, push, pull is well understood. Bonus task of creating a branch, adding a commit to the branch and merging was successfully completed.

Happy with progress.

Tweet: https://twitter.com/khullymall/status/1518989086329122823

Technical knowledge: HTML, CSS, Git/Github

### Day 3: Wednesday 27th April 2022

Introduction to the basics of Javascript including functions. Created a password validation script. Adapted the original task so it can take an input from a HTML page then pass through the Javascript code to check whether password is correct. 

It will also only accept 3 attempts at the password.

Tweet: https://twitter.com/khullymall/status/1519351311506022401

Technical Knowledge: HTML and Javascript

### Day 4: Thursday 28th April 2022

Further improved Javascript knowledge with Arrays and Objects. 

Tweet: https://twitter.com/khullymall/status/1519750006848303107

### Day 5: Friday 29th April 2022

Created a rock paper scissors game using Javascript. It will take in a username which is character, special character and length checked to esnure it is only letters and is not empty. The game will track games played, player wins, computer wins and player draws.

Tweet: https://twitter.com/khullymall

### Day 6,7,8: Saturday,Sunday,Monday April-May 2022

After a long week, Saturday was rest day with a few Freecodecamp exercises. Sunday and Monday was an introduction to CodeWars. My new favourite way to learn how to code. Its more interactive and fun. The challenges make you search more Javascript syntax to find better solutions or optimise your code.

Currently I get assigned 6th or 7th Kyu tasks. 

Tweet:

https://twitter.com/khullymall/status/1520465216210878477
https://twitter.com/khullymall/status/1521188725228814337

### Day Tuesday 3rd May 2022

Understanding more and more how the DOM works and how to manipulate it. Enjoying learning how to mix HTML, CSS, Javascript to create a dynamic website.

Want to adapt Rock paper scissors game to take user input.

Tweet: https://twitter.com/khullymall/status/1521565504116248587
Technical Knowledge: Javascript
